Sorry dad
You are what your body suffers from.
You are not bad
If you train well, you can participate in weightlifting
It's okay, I have the strength.
I will farm from now on
Can also feed us
That's what happened to your dad
I won't allow you to waste your talent
My dad haha, what are you doing with this water at the bottom of the sea?
Let Dad go to the construction site to sell coolies
I must give you up
If I'm going to sell coolies, I'll go
You're going to play sports?
How can you wear out your body?
You've wasted a lot of time now
If you don't hurry up
There is no hope in this life
Dear villagers
The quadrennial Olympic trials
It will start in a week.
The big boss in the provincial capital speaks
If you go out, you can enter the Olympics
shortlist of contestants
Bonus 1 million
Daughter, dad is dying anyway
If you can win 1 million
You can have a peaceful and smooth life for the rest of your life
It's not a pity for Dad to die
Jianguo Wenwen
Jianguo hahaha
We all heard about the Olympic trials
We all hope you can make it to the tryouts
Have a good grade
Take this money
Buy some nutrition
This is not to be pulled down
You are the pride of your father
Don't let him down.
This is not true.
Jianguo, please accept this money.
You are not much richer than me
How can we take your money?
As a result, 20 years ago, our village was very poor
It's not because you've seen it. It's a provincial team member
After the wounded soldier retires
Coach the children for free in the village
This is the famous technological strength
Don't push this money to death
Your conditions are similar to mine
Where did you get so much money?
What's wrong with you?
You went to the construction site to sell coolies
What are you doing on the construction site?
You also want to take the college entrance examination
Are you taking another hand?
Wen Wenjie
Sure to do well in the sports world
This little injury is worth it
Blind date
Your kindness
Hey, lend me, lend me, I can't do it
I will definitely repay you.
What are you doing?
Your kindness to our village is the greatest
kneel down
Hey Wenwen
You will be successful in the future
Be sure to repay your relatives well
The money you go to train is everyone
Coolie played it for you
The money in your hand is their hard-earned money.
Thank you, Second Division
biting
Also flow out
Sister Wenwen
Waiting for your good news.
I will definitely try my best.
I will definitely honor my ancestors